

Contact info on portfolio

Re-watch the YouTube video about finding Dev jobs

Fusion360

Look in to the networking thing and the other features that I paid for through Red Rocket

Look into Hired.  Is it a good place to search for jobs.

Resume for Daz Productions did not include a link to the web portfolio.  If I haven't heard from them by 8/2, apply again, and make sure to include the portfolio
Reapply to Xima software directly through their website.

Add a picture of me and the family?

Update profile for Indeed

Apply?  Before or after 

Add comments on Mr. Z School page to explain features

Add front-end Maiden app?  Look for another back-end project to add?






Hello,

My name is Jeff Zivkovic.  My former students call me Mr. Z.  

After teaching coding to middle school students for several years, I've realized that I enjoy coding enough to want to do it full time.  

One webapp that I've launched and maintained was successfully used by 20+ teachers and 1000+ students to help differentiate their learning and better meet individual needs.  

Now I'm ready to be a Ximite!




https://www.robinwieruch.de/postgresql-express-node-rest-api/

Finish the last challenges on the Quotes API project

Work on Github profile

http://mystery.knightlab.com/

https://www.codecademy.com/courses/learn-git/articles/project-management-issues-and-projects

Exploring workflows video: https://youtu.be/EwWZbyjDs9c


For the home page of my portfolio, the visitor can move a little character around to different locations to see my work.  
At the arcade, they can see my games.
At the school, they can see Desk Consultants.  
Need arrow buttons for mobile devices.
Also make locations clickable, in case user is annoyed by arrow keys

Playtest management and sign-up app

If I decide to go with the Shopify route:
php, javascript, jquery.  Coursera and Udemy tutorials for Shopify.
APIs from Shopify.  GraphQL, Liquid, React, 
Shopify dev tools and merchant tools.
Shopify development partner certification.

Pattern Prophecy


